♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ You, like fate, are by my side like usual  ♫
♫ It's only you for me ♫
♫ The one person who approaches me ♫
♫ As you approach, like a dream where we get
further apart, the pain comes ♫
♫ What should I do? ♫
It's getting quite windy.
We should go inside now.
Yeah, well...
[CCTVs are in place here.]
Should I have pushed my lips forward?
No, he definitely avoided it.
To make it seem like a joke, hit on other men the exact same way.
No, not that...
Pretend like nothing happened.
I don't think this will work.
[Lee Jaeyoung, jerk]
[Jang Ddol - I'm in a meeting. I'll contact you soon.]
I'm in a meeting. I'll contact you soon.
In a meeting?
It's not even time for them to come back up, and she's in a meeting?
You stayed together for two days and one night and you're telling me you're in a meeting?
[Clearly hit on him one more time]
Clearly hit on him one more time...
- What?
- W-W-Why? What?
- What? W-W-What? What about me? Huh?
No... well... I'm sorry. I think I misheard.
I didn't say anything.
You definitely said you were going to do somethi—
No, I definitely didn't say anything.
Ah! Uhm, oh, I'm sorry.
Why? Did you do something to me that you're sorry about?
No, no. That... I'm sorry.
That's also an apology.
Why are you apologizing? I'm about to feel bad.
- I'm sorry.
- Why?!
I think it's best if we just go quietly.
No... okay.
There... Drop me off.
Okay.
- I'll drop you off at your house—
- No, I'll get off here.
Excuse me... Do you perhaps like men?
What?
No matter how you see me, don't I not... look like that?
I... I was wondering if you are single for a reason that can't be spoken out loud.
I'm the type to respect one's sexual preference, so...
I'm... not.
Okay.
Earlier...
I hope my apology doesn't disturb your sleep.
Goodnight.
Yes.
Ah, you scared me!
You must be crazy. What are you doing there?
Why'd you come here now? Were you with Han Yisang this whole time?
I'm tired. I'll listen to you nag tomorrow.
It was a day trip, why did it become two days and one night?
That's true. I don't know why I did two days and one night.
I feel like you're getting slightly crazy these days.
You didn't throw yourself or attack him, right?
I should have.
You really—!
Hey.
How am I as a woman?
What?
- Not that good?
- No.
- You're not mediocre.
- Right?
If a woman like you hits on someone,
and the man has no reaction, he's either a priest or a monk...
Highly likely he is asexual.
Hmph...
What is the meaning of that smile?
You need to meet the right man. You can't just fall over him just looking at the outside.
Jang Hari!
What is she going around doing?
I should have. Right?
Just once would be all right,
wouldn't it? No, I guess it wouldn't...
No, right? No.
No.
[You did well!]
[Episode 6: The feelings that can't be hidden no matter what]
If you don't want to eat, don't!
Give it. Now.
If I give you the egg from bibimbap, I'm giving you everything. Who are you to do so?
You don't want to become a spoon, right?
I can try fry one more.
I lost my appetite seeing him eat.
So similar. You both are the same age, too.
Why don't your eyes meet when you guys are so compatible?
- Why would I meet eyes with him—?
- I'm eating!
- Why are you talking about dirty things?
- I'm getting ingestion!
Geez. Shut up!
What are you looking at?
Why is the font so small?
- Send a message.
- Okay.
"Okay."
- [Hari's Mom, the mountain meet is at 7:00 p.m.]
- [Okay.]
Did you send it?
Is your mountain climbing club going somewhere?
To Donghae. For 2 days and 1 night.
- 2 days 1 night?
- Wow.
Are you sure you're going as a group?
What does he do? Shall I prepare my heart?
- You should prepare to be hit.
- Ow, that hurts!
Is it the time to worry about my dating life? What about you?
I'm looking for a confident sperm donor.
You can't even find a normal man,
how could you possibly find a confident man?
Mom, go buy some squid!
Do you know when politicians lose most of their voters?
What are you going to say now?
It's when they've made a lot of promises but fail to follow through.
They shouldn't promise to fix the economy just to line their pockets.
But?
Bear in mind. Not a man, but a sperm.
I'm your supporter, so don't go back on your promise.
Just eat your food.
Hm? I do like food.
Eat quietly.
This is the quietest I've ever eaten.
I can't stand the sight of you.
So when you called Hari the day before yesterday, she said she couldn't make it because of the mudslide?
I saw the expenses she was working on,
and it was suspiciously blank.
They must have slept together!
Many babies are conceived during big events.
Just think of the world cup season.
You're older than I am?
...is what I read in an article.
Even so...
I also suddenly had to get married because of an overnight trip.
Do you really think something happened between those two?
When a natural disaster, of all things, helps you out
you'd have to be an idiot not to take advantage of that.
- Editor Jang!
- Hi.
Did something nice happen?
Oh, nothing of the sort.
No, you're definitely glowing.
How's the preparation for the special feature?
Ugh, I'm so busy.
Work hard. Stay strong.
Bye.
See?! She can't stop smiling. All the world must seem rosy and pink.
Should I give her pink bed sheets for her wedding?
Wouldn't money be better?
Did we just send her down the aisle already?
No, we'd better plan her baby shower instead.
What's with her?
What? Was the soil barren?
Is it true that she's has zero successes with blind dates?
She's 100% successful at fending them off.
No way. She's probably just in a bad mood.
Hari hasn't dated in about 10 years, so all her dating skills have atrophied.
Yisang is the same way, since he was with his first love for such a long time.
He's almost completely inexperienced at love. What an idiot!
What were we even expecting?
[The joy of living alone]
♫ Everyday, I find a light to make me shine ♫
Stop having such thoughts.
♫  A sensation like falling in love  ♫
Unbelievable.
♫  Take me up ♫
Hari...
♫  to the stars ♫
♫  Oh, feeling raindrops in my hand ♫
♫ When they fall softly, please come a little closer ♫
♫  Dum dum duh-rum dum dum dum♫
♫  Dum dum duh-rum dum dum dum ♫
So frustrating.
You're even blocking your daydreams?
I'm hallucinating her now.
Exactly, that's just how sexually frustrated you are.
I'm saying this because it's a hallucination.
This is me doing my best to hold back.
Why are you holding back? I'm 39, not 19.
Don't protect me.
We're both grown-ups, so having an R-rated scene is not a problem.
Because we are adults, we should love each other for the rest of our lives.
Is it okay to have the type of love where it just burns for one moment?
When I'm... continuously opening my heart and liking you.
Let's say I... kiss you,
then I'm not letting you go.
Why are you putting your life on the line for a kiss?
Where's the bedroom?
Why the bedroom? No...
- So... where—?
- Here?
- Jang Hari?
- Wow, this house is nice.
Oh? You shouldn't do that.
Am I really sexually frustrated?
What's wrong with me?
- Choi Hyojoo...
- Yes?
Weren't you supposed to photograph the cooking process for this piece?
It's such an easy recipe that I thought I'd just explain it in words.
Newbie moms don't know how finely they have to mince the meat and veggies.
Food sizes need to be different based on their children's age, so how can we not show pictures?
The food styling looks so nice,
I didn't want to make it look messy by including images of an incomplete dish...
Do you think that I'm looking at you like this because I want to hear empty excuses?
I'll have it reshot.
Also, go to the Advertising Department and have them confirm the expiration on the toothpaste.
If you don't remind Director Kim, he'll just take it without checking.
What? Shouldn't she be grateful that someone as beautiful as me
even bothers to work here?
Reporter Choi!
Are you having your meal? I'm on an errand.
Is something the matter?
You don't look too good.
Did you get in trouble?
Of course not!
You definitely got in trouble.
You have a face like you've just been scolded.
Choikang Eutteum, would you kindly mind your own business?
If someone's not replying, that means they don't want to talk.
I'm sorry. I have no tact, right?
You certainly don't. None at all. To a worrying degree.
If I come, just greet me. Okay?
Yes, I'll only just greet you from now on.
Then, because it'll become burdensome, I'll leave now.
How dense.
Oh my gosh, this is crazy. Oh my, oh my. Ow!
Oh my!
If I come, just greet me. Okay?
Fighting!
What is he doing not helping me?
Ugh, this is killing me!
I'm going to go crazy.
Fashionism is really against the rules.
Why is it so dark in here?
Why are you like that? Are you hurting somewhere?
I see her when I'm awake,
I see her when I'm asleep.
This is killing me.
What is it? Are you seeing things?
What's the matter?
Is it your eyes or your mind?
I don't know whether my mind or my heart hurts.
All I know is that it hurts.
There's a song about that, how love is a disease of the heart.
I really like Part II.
Why'd you come?
I'm really busy with photoshoots. There's an important one this afternoon with Jang Hari about infertile couples.
Could you... please take the job?
You're kidding me.
Why? Is it cause you think you'll hurt even more?
H-Hey!
Put clothes on. Now.
This... Do the shoot instead of me.
It needs a picture of the product and one for the review.
Why me?
An excuse to go to the studio.
Mr. Han will be there.
Coincidentally, the original photographer is in the hospital.
What are you up to?
All I'm saying is that if you have "some,"
you've got to add a "thing" to get something.
Don't jump to conclusions and don't give me advice.
Just drink some watermelon juice.
Did you hold hands?
I said no.
- But you did hit on him?
- No!
Did you for sure send a signal?
Why are you guys so interested in my love life?
It's fun!
Oh, so you're bored. You don't have enough work to do with this feature, right?
I'm sorry.
Go. Work.
Stop it.
You're Han Yisang.
Don't break down. You can't.
What are you doing?
Wow, this is too much. You appeared again?
And you can copy me now?
W-W-Why?
W-W-What are y—
I actually touched—what? You're a human?
I was greeting you since earlier.
Are you hurt somewhere?
Let's go inside.
Get a hold of yourself.
A dating signal that works 100%.
Turn your head 45 degrees onto his shoulder.
Purse your lips towards the direction of the other's head.
Chief Han, let's talk for a bit...
Sure.
This. This... I'm not sure what angle this should be taken at.
I think we need to look at it in detail.
I think we can just follow it as is.
Right. We can just follow it as is, right?
Oh, I'm tired.
I'm tired.
Y-You're tired?
Yes.
I'll take care of the shoot then, you... sleep a bit.
W-What?
Where did my camera go? Oh, it's here.
Oh, wow. Everyone's gone home already!
Nice!
What's this?
This is a greeting for your feet to be comfortable.
Ugh...
Ah, this is so crappy.
Where'd he get these?
It says "9UCCI" instead of "GUCCI."
Ah... Is it not any good?
Can you not tell what my tastes are by looking at this?
Ah... there was Prada, too.
I should have bought that instead.
No matter how much I look at you, Choikang Eutteum, you sure are amazing.
Ah, what for?
First, you should wear these. Next time, I'll buy the Prada
and Balenciaga, too. The two of them are 10,000 won.
No, it's okay. It's very burdensome.
(T/N: She spoke with satoori/accent)
Ah...
I'll be satisfied with this.
Really?
This may not look it, but it's actually very useful.
Be quiet.
Wow! You look very luxurious right now.
Wow, I can even pull these off.
I mean I guess a luxury product can make a person look like a luxury.
It looks really good on you.
Wear this for a long time then. I'll be going.
Fighting!
For a long time!
What's he bragging about, after buying me knockoffs.
This is crappy. Not Gucci, but crappy.
This is really nice.
Oh my, is it a rare item?
You're going to do the photoshoot, Han Yisang?
Did you not see the schedule because you were asleep?
That's not it. Since it's a national, year-long program,
this project will probably be good for your career, too.
What sweet words. Is it because you had a good night's sleep?
I didn't get a good night's sleep.
This is something I've worked hard on, so I would love it if you kept filming...
No, no.
When Soocheol's arm gets better, you can ask him.
Okay.
Get in.
Hello.
How are you feeling?
I thought I would be okay since it's my second time, but I'm feeling double the anxiety.
That's perfectly understandable.
Come inside.
Okay.
First, we'll take photos of the consultation,
then we'll also capture the steps afterward.
[Infertility Clinic]
Hello.
Okay.
Because you've already done it once, you do know that you need to be relaxed, right?
Yes.
A lot of people get fertility treatments,
so don't think you're the only ones having a hard time.
Just think that you are meeting the baby in a special way.
Okay.
Are you curious about anything?
Are there any medicines that she needs to be careful of?
The vitamin assortments are okay.
You will need to tell me beforehand about any other medicine.
Are you taking anything right now?
Right now, I'm only taking folic acid.
(T/N: folic acid is usually taken by pregnant women and women who want to get pregnant. Helps to prevent major birth defects)
The husband should help you a lot.
Yes.
Please tell me if there's anything that I can do to help her.
Well, you can be by her side.
I hope they succeed.
Should they forcefully make one when it's that difficult?
There's so much sacrifice.
For a nonexistent being.
Look over there.
How could they make that kind of expression?
If you look at a mother looking at her baby,
isn't it very fascinating?
How much love could a person have
that they're able to smile like that?
A person to another person,
without any greed,
could give such a kind love?
The fact that there's a being that you can love like that,
one wouldn't feel lonely in their lives...
So between someone they love
and the baby, if they had to choose one...
Do women, no matter what, pick the baby?
The person they love.
I won't let go of him.
Although the baby is a miracle,
for me who couldn't find someone to love for over 10 years,
love is also a miracle.
In order to help you and Doha,
I brought all the popular infant-care items.
Because babies have sensitive skin, you need to wash them in clean water without any bacteria.
Since you're starting a new chapter in your life, become a new person by cleansing well with clean water.
Use it well, and all you have to do is take a photo to help recommend it.
No... You lack sincerity in your scams.
Even if it's to keep on bringing home the best test products,
you'll feel my sincerity.
Is that so? Then give it.
What are you doing?
Why won't you give it to me? I said give it!
Why are you holding on to it so tightly? Just stay this way forever then!
I put it on earlier!
All at once.
Is that so? You're turning 40 soon but you're so tiny and... and...
you just fit right into my chest and right into one arm! What am I supposed to do then?
You should do some shoulder exercises and increase your strength!
What are you wanting me to do? Are you wanting me to hit you? Do you want to die today?
Doha, let's take a bath.
It's warm, right?
Oh, how cute.
What are you doing? What's with your expression?
I'm acting naturally for your picture of the baby.
Just do what you normally do. Don't look at the camera.
Doha, close your ears.
I've never done a bath with the mom. What do you mean just do what I do normally?
I'm just saying...
The situation is so.
The set-up is like that. What are you...
I'm done.
Although I can't be like a mother,
to be honest, I'm like the aunt. No, I am the aunt!
What aunt? You're a stranger.
So heartless. Why are we strangers?
Then, what are we?
A family? To be honest, a married couple?
We're practically family... right, Doha?
Help with washing the baby.
Hurry and sit. Here, you said this is good.
[Haeun Hospital]
[the baby's Jang Hari]
Yes, Chief?
Hi, Hari. My aunt has something to do today, so it looks like
I'm going to have to be with the baby today.
Is the baby okay?
A few tests need to be done, so she's been admitted to the hospital.
Let them know that I'll turn my report in soon, and just have a look over the reports to be turned in today.
Okay.
My goodness.
It's all right! Mommy will help you.
There, there. Just a minute,
Mommy has some work to do.
[the baby Magazine Plan. May: Children's Day]
[Doyeon's Daycare Center]
Hello.
I forgot to send Doyeon's blankets?
I'm really sorry. My younger sister is in the hospital right now.
What to do? There's no one who can drop them off right away...
Oh, okay. Yes, please feel free to cover Doyeon with it.
Thank you very much.
Oh, Jaehee...
It's okay, it's okay.
You're okay now. We're here at the hospital.
It's okay, it's okay...
[Dachae Media]
Chief Editor Shim!
Has Chief Editor Shim already left?
She's taking a day off.
Why do you keep coming to work? Is being on probation a joke to you?
No.
Tell Chief Editor Shim to hurry up and publish the content operations report.
You all heard him, right? I need to disappear as if I was never here, so hurry up and submit the report.
I'm going to go to the studio.
Yeah?
Hari is late.
Who keeps texting?
Stay still!
[Kim Seok Hwan: Is this your friend?]
Okay, you did well.
[Kim Seok Hwan: website]
His lungs sound clear and I've prescribed three days' cold medicine, so come see me again after that.
Ok, okay, okay.
All done!
I'm done!
Have a look at this one too. He'll come down with something, too, just you watch.
He has to be symptomatic for me to look at him.
Hey!
Don't make trouble!
Then just write me another prescription. For free.
Is this a shopping center? You want to buy one, get one free?
I pay double for everything with twins. Can't you do that much for a friend?
Oh, so now you want to be friends?
Think about what you've done.
What kind of friend cuts all ties because he's getting married?
It's hard for me to even get these two to the hospital!
Come on, just throw one in...
What's your number? I'll introduce you to a nice psychologist; you're in a bad state.
What's your number? I'll report you for being a poor doctor.
[How is This Possible - Sperm Woman]
What's this? Isn't that Hari?
Huh? Hari?
[How is This Possible - Sperm Woman]
It's Hari, all right.
[the baby Editing Department]
Yes, this is "the baby's" Editing Department.
Yes, that's a personal matter that I don't know much about, so...
Yes, it has no concern with our magazine, so don't mind it.
Yes, I have no involvement with it, so I'm not sure.
Yes, this is "the baby's" Editing Department. Who? We don't know anyone of that name.
Yes, yes, yes? No, I don't know where those rumors are coming from.
Yes, please don't worry...
Hello, this is "the baby's"  Editing Department!
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything to say on that matter!
Oh my, oh my! What is all this right now? Has Hari not called?
Excuse me.
Driving me crazy.
She's not answering! She instructed them not to take calls from reporters and left the office. Where the hell is she?!
They're posting all sorts of crazy comments. How could her identity have been leaked?
Geez, really...
Yisang...
Hey, what's going on?
I submitted the content on the Mom's Cafe as evidence. I requested the site be taken down as well.
Good, good. I contacted someone I know and
asked them to take down all your personal information and the nasty comments.
But Hari...
Hari!
Jang Hari!
Are you okay?
Nothing's wrong, is there?
Huh? I... I'm sorry. What did you say happened?
Don't let them cow you. I left a warning for every awful comment.
They'll wonder if they ever had fingers to begin with. I'm going to make sure they can't do anything more.
How could they curse?
Cut it out. We have no idea who they are.
Hey...
Don't worry about a thing.
Yeah... Sorry, why don't I call you back later?
- Deputy Editor.
- Who are y—
Eutteum.
What... What's this?
[Noodle Shop]
Everyone was worried when we couldn't get in touch with you,
so I got her address from the employee center and was heading toward her house...
I just happened to be passing by. I live in the neighborhood.
Why weren't you answering your phone?
I was swamped by all the calls and was feeling overwhelmed.
Did you file a police report?
Yes, not only did it have my personal details, but even the name of the magazine and the company.
Don't look at those comments.
I don't know why they would say such things. You're not that kind of person.
"Sperm woman. 100% a gold digger."
"Even her name is Hari." I found out for the first time in 39 years that my name was so erotic.
(T/N: "Hari" sounds like Korean phrase meaning "to do")
Don't look at emails coming to your work account or DMs on social media.
Take some time off and rest.
Yeah, yeah. Do that. I think that's best.
It'll blow over soon. There's always a fresh scandal brewing.
People only seem to look at my faults.
I just wanted to be like my mom.
Jang Hari...
If you need anything, I'm here for you.
Why would she ask a coworker for help?
If you need anything, let me know.
Sure, for help around the home, but for work-related issues, colleagues are best.
Tell me, your colleague, if you need any help.
That means you've just neatly defined your relationship as just "colleagues," right?
Oh, no, we've been colleagues all along.
I think you also need to clarify where you stand and the nature of your relationship with Hari.
I've already told you, we're people who live together.  That's where we stand.
What more do you want me to say?
Goodness...
We gathered here for what?
- How much is it?
- 53,000 won.
Oh, oh, it's okay.
- I'll buy. Its my fau—
- It's okay.
- I said I'd buy—
- No, it's okay!
Go outside. We'll get it. Go outside.
Do it with this.
Should I say they're cute or immature?
- Ah, you, you! I'll do it!
- No, it's okay.
- It's okay.
- Put it back, put it back.
- Do it with this.
Are you not going to see me from now on? Do it with mine.
Why would you pay?
I can pay. Why not? It's okay. Do it with this—
No, I don't feed off of someone younger.
I'm probably older than you financially.
I wasn't going to say this...
I'm... someone who lives in an apartment that overlooks the Han River.
Wow...
I'm a doctor. My potential earnings are just... something else.
Oh...
I'll buy it. It's only 53,000 won. Here you go.
- It is her. It's her.
- I told you.
It's her. It is her.
Sperm lady!
Hey, don't be like that.
It's you, right? The sperm lady?
Hey, hey, seriously.
Hey! See? The woman within that picture and this...
You're prettier in real life.
You have the wrong person.
No, wait. Wait.
You need a man, right?
If you want to go and see your wife in one piece, let go of this hand.
Wow, look at her playing hard to get in her state! Cute!
I had three kids... at once at that! So, believe in me and let's go drink some wine and—
Do this properly!  You're filthy!
This can be considered sexual harassment! Making me feel bad about my body is assault, too! What is this?
Who are you? Why are you making my desperation into an embarrassment?
Why?
We ate well.
Jang Hari.
The receipt...
Hey.
What's wrong, Hari?
Who are you, jerks?
What are you doing?
What's the matter with you guys? Huh?
Why is this woman crying right now?
Why are you asking? She's crying right now.
What are you doing?
Hey, it's obvious that I'm the victim.
I got hurt... with the bag...
Hey, call the cops.
Call the cops!
Call the cops and that... crazy lady!
I'll make it so that you can't be successful in society!
Hey! Call them, you jerk.
I'm going to bury you, too.
Shall we call the cops?
Wait a minute.
What? Crazy lady?
Say it again.
Now look here, sirs.
We saw this.
If you look into it, you'll see.
It's all over the internet.
We just saw it on the internet.
So, we just pretended to know her. We did just
a bit, but that woman... to me...
she like hit me, kicked me, and swung her bag at me...
That's why, to that crazy sperm lady, I—
Don't do it.
Let's just go.
Sir, hold it back.
He's not even worth this.
Restrain yourself.
No need to feel bad because of those immature jerks.
You did nothing wrong.
He's right!
Deputy Editor, you did absolutely nothing wrong.
Escorting me all the way home, of all things...
Well, we followed you because we felt bad.
Yeah, that's right.
It was an opportunity that I could have used my muscles in a long time.
But... it wasn't needed.
It was an opportunity for me to show off my intelligence. It wasn't easy!
Deputy Editor, look at this.
That jerk from earlier. Shall I report him?
Did you come from an art college? You draw well.
You draw well.
If you're all so funny like this, it'll be too easy for me to brush it off and get a good night's rest.
Thank you. Really, thank you.
Go back safely.
Go in.
Thank you, everybody. Really, thank you.
Go inside.
- Why?
- Just go on up.
- You should've come in later.
- Aunt will wake up if the front door opens and closes twice.
- You can just open it slowly.
- I'll leave your house, gosh.
Goodness...
They really do live together. Maybe it's cohabitation?
It's probably just between a male and a female friend.
The deputy editor looks small today of all days.
I think I'm going to need to protect her a bit more now on.
Shall we go?
Open up!
It's urgent!
Hurry up!
Tada.
♫ When I'm sad, I look at comic books ♫
Shall I leave a comment somewhere saying you're not that type of person?
It's okay. It's not like someone will understand me.
I have the finances and the confidence to raise a child.
But because I'm single, there's no way for me to get a child if I'm not married.
Even so, I don't have a man or the confidence to get married.
If I say that, how many people do you think will understand me?
It'll be hard even after 40 years.
Don't blame yourself.
And no matter the reason, no one deserves to be doxxed and badmouthed.
No one.
I found out for certain who is on my side through this event.
So it's fine.
Yeah.
Aigoo, our Doha...
You were scared being alone, right?
Is that so, Doha?
I know.  It's okay.
I know, I know. It's all right.
When did you get scared?
Jang Hari.
Do you want to marry me?
Doha's father, get a babysitter by paying them.
It's hard to get a sperm donor, so why don't you raise Doha like a daughter?
Can you get rid of that dirty stare?
Why would you let go of the easy road and go around it?
It's an easy road for you. I don't need a man.
Am I a man?
Well, then shall I see you as a woman?
Big Sis Jaeyoung? Big Sis?
Everyone, let's take a picture here!
Got it.
Come on over here, quickly.
This way, please.
Okay, gather around.
It looks good. The weather is nice, too.
[How is This Possible - Sperm Woman]
One, two, three...
Fighting!
One more time! One, two, three!
Okay!
Today's weather is so nice.
Excuse me.
Your daughter is Jang Hari, the magazine editor?
Why makes you bring her up?
It's just that my daughter was saying your daughter's on the internet.
Occasionally something she writes shows up online since she's a reporter.
That's just part of being a journalist. She's not famous or anything.
That's not right! She said your daughter was definitely famous.
"Sperm woman" or something?
She should be focused on getting a man, not buying sperm. Is there something wrong with her?
What did I say?
I told you to intervene when she was saying all that nonsense about being too focused on becoming a reporter to date.
Really, it's unbelievable, still being unmarried at that age...
It's not something punishable by law but that's basically a crime.
What is she going to do? Now she definitely can't get married.
Who do you think you are, calling my daughter a criminal and poking your nose into her business!
What's wrong with this lady?
Hey, hey!
Grab on to her!
Why? You can't go inside?
Chief Bom called me over at this hour.
There's no reason she would've done it to help me avoid others. It must mean it's something serious.
I'm a little scared.
I can't go inside in your stead, but I can show you this.
Wait a sec. Tada!
What do you think of the main cut?
It's very reliable.
Although I'll get in trouble today, I'll get compliments tomorrow.
I wanted to go with you to develop the photos.
Next time.
Next time, for sure... let's go together.
Okay.
Next time.
The chairman wants the sperm lady to apologize.
Because of the protest from our readers, the president has a mountain of worries.
Issue a statement of apology.
She's the victim, so why should she apologize?
It's become a big problem!
The culpable party needs to offer some kind of explanation and apologize to the readers!
It's a personal problem.
I'm against making it the magazine's problem.
I don't want to waste publication space on lame excuses.
It's not a lame excuse!
But a sincere apology to alleviate the protests of the readers!
You're not understanding what I'm saying...
I know very well that it's my fault.
I understand well that I disappointed the readers, and that the company has suffered from the drop in our magazine's reputation.
I'm very sorry.
But just because I apologize, will the readers who left come back?
I will take responsibility.
How?
I'm going to try and get the disappointed readers to understand.
Understand?
This is an order, not a request.
I said to quiet down the readers!
It affects how many advertisements we get!
If profits decline, will I face disciplinary action again?
No.
This time you'll be fired.
What should I do?
Why are you asking me? Am I taking responsibility?
Hurry and decide. Is the editor's column going to be written or not?
He said I'll be fired. Give me some time.
- I have to go home and let my husband off child-duty. Go home.
- Okay.
Don't trust the vice president.
He's also a bastard.
Hello, baby!
Is our little chubby baby's fever gone or not gone?
Okie!
I lovey you, too.
Hello? We don't know the details either.
Okay. Sorry.
The comments section of our segment is embarrassing!
We can't do that.
Most of the people who are calling are doing it to curse us!
Why do I have to get cursed at?
Ah, seriously, I'm going to sue all of them for slander!
Let's sue them for obstructing our business first. I can't work here.
What a nice excuse for quitting.
It's not enough to be the main excuse...
How disappointing.
I'm heading out. Don't overwork yourselves already.
And... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for making you guys take care of things you otherwise wouldn't have to. I take back what I said about me being your future.
Learn from my mistakes.
It's okay. You should pay for the late-night snack and then go in.
I'll buy a big one.
[Apology Letter]
Mom, you came?
Mom, what's with your hair? You said you were coming tomorrow.
You, you, you.
Why did you tell me to buy this? You should've just had more alcohol.
This, I ought to....
While buying this... I fell.
I'm sorry.
Don't falter at my words.
No matter what others say... "It's my fault. I lived wrongly,"
don't think like that.
Because it's not your fault and I know that.
[Dachae Media]
You wrote that apology, right?
Today's the deadline.
Deputy Editor, if you can, just write the apology letter.
The mood is tense here at the company.
The sponsors could pull their ads by the next month.
If I upload the apology letter, will the advertisement not be taken away?
It's the action, the action.
"I'm reflecting. I'll do well."
"Please believe in me."
You've got to give me something to tell the company.
Let's get along.
I don't think this will end just because I apologize.
If I admit to wrongdoing, they'll seize on that and use it as an excuse to pull out anyway.
I'm not holding on because of my pride.
Is there even a solution?
Yes.
I have endometriosis. My ovaries are 40 years old.
The possibility of me having a natural pregnancy is less than 7 percent.
I... am infertile.
This is ours, right?
I'll do it.
Thank you. Yes.
[the baby]
[Am I not able to bear a child without marrying?]
I...am infertile.
I, who am 39, did not marry.
I, who can't leave a children's magazine because I love babies... I... am that type of person.
With turning 40 coming, standing at the crossroad where I had to give up pregnancy and marriage,
I really wanted a baby.
The doctor's advice for me to get pregnant within six months
sounded to me like a warning against a terminal illness.
I was a student who listened well, and as expected,
I decided to listen well to the doctor's words.
If you're asking why I am going this far to have a baby,
I don't know the answer either.
I just like kids...
and want to be a mom. How could I explain that?
I'm not sure what is right and wrong.
No matter how, it seems like my efforts
are going to be a part of the process in the search for that answer.
As I tell you my story every month,
I hope to find the solution together.
[Am I not able to bear a child without marrying?]
Am I not able to bear a child without marrying?
♫ So I'm gonna say I'll be there ♫
♫ Please understand my feelings ♫
♫ Please remember the one who stayed by your side ♫
♫ I won't leave. Open up your heart and see ♫
♫ Because I'm here, the feelings I want to share with you ♫
♫ My love is all around ♫
What are you here for, Mr. Han Yisang?
I...
Is there a way for me to have a baby?
♫Can you see? My feelings for you? ♫
♫ Can you hear? My voice that calls for you? ♫
♫ You, shining brightly like a star  ♫
♫ I draw you in the sky ♫
♫  I'll protect you ♫
[Oh My Baby]
The person you're looking for
- ...is me. So, I'll give it to you!
- What?
I also want to look good in your eyes.
You slept with him?
What kind of nonsense are you spouting?
I put our 39 years of friendship on the line and thought about it,
and there's no reason why I shouldn't make your last wish come true. I'll marry you.
Of course not. I had no idea that my heart would hurt this much because of you.
Jang Hari, this is... instead of a stamp.
You did well.